completely selfish effort asking us to
come all the way to New York some
families do whatever it takes to remain
close they're probably not even gonna
come and then there are families who
know better pretty much have a special
relationship we're very close we're
gonna have a very nice time you don't
actually believe that it's possible I
think yes
not at all never have four days I've
been trying to think of nice April
memories and I can only come up with one
she was just gazing out the window and
she says Oh mother don't you just love
every day that was me playing with a new
stove I don't remember her ever being in
the kitchen she's bet this new guy
apparently this guy Bobby reminds her of
me
[Applause]
[Music]
pieces of April welcome to Krispy Creme
may I take your order just a number
everybody a goo is cooking we'll need an
extra dozen glazed
[Music]
[Applause]